Daran.
-Chief.
-Amo Ben!
Miss Zaynab!
I reached out to
this former Delta
buddy of mine who helps
relocate ISF to the States.
-No. Chief.
-Yes.
-I'm coming back to serve.
-Who told you to reenlist?
I'm sorry.
My sources saw Danawi
in Daran's village
-the day of the bombing.
-Where are the kids?
We're still looking for them.
What the fuck are we doing here?
Now we have a chance
to take down a known
terrorist who blackmailed
Sergeant Amiri.
-That's enough. brother.
-Brother?
You are a fucking lap dog.
I'm offering you a chance
to take out the guy
who provided the bomb
that killed your friend.
Ben. I need to know that
you can find the brakes.
This is the black side of
special operations. Raife.
Things move faster over here.
Fuck the brakes.
Congrats on the
audition. boys.
Bring me Danawi's phone.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪ Well. Mama told me ♪
♪ When I was young ♪
"♪ " Come sit beside me ♪
♪ my only son ♪
♪ and listen closely ♪
♪ to what I say ♪
♪ And if you do this ♪
♪ it'll help you
some sunny day ♪
"♪ Ah. yeah" ♪
No.
You're gonna fall.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
♪ From watchin' my TV ♪
♪ Been checkin' out the news
until my eyeballs fail to see ♪
♪ I mean to say that every day ♪
♪ Is just another rotten mess...
Fuckin' freak
Rhodesian strength.
♪ Is anybody's guess ♪
♪ So I'm watchin'
and I'm waitin' ♪
♪ Hopin' for the best ♪
♪ Even think I'll
go to prayin' ♪
♪ Every time I hear 'em sayin' ♪
♪ That there's no way to delay ♪
♪ That trouble
comin' every day ♪
♪ No way to delay that
trouble comin' every day ♪
No!
No. no.
♪ Wednesday I watched the riot. I
seen the cops out on the street ♪
♪ Watched 'em throwin'
rocks and stuff ♪
♪ And chokin' in the heat ♪
♪ Listened to reports about
the whisky passin' round...
Tie. Or I won.
Whatever one you want.
Different story with
my 1911. though. eh?
Excuses and assholes.
brother. Everyone's got 'em.
-All right. I'm starving.
-Yeah. I'm hungry.
-All right. only one way to solve this.
-Uh-huh?
-First one to breakfast wins!
-Shit.
And to the first part of my
question. Director Rahimi?
Why have a Finalization Day.
an Adoption and an
Implementation Day?
That is a wonderful
question. Iran would say
the most significant nuclear agreement
of the last 30 years deserves
to be celebrated three times.
You seem positive considering
the American demands.
The smile you see is
because we are this close
to finalizing a momentous deal.
Is Iran open to...
Thank you for the questions. Thank
you. You'll excuse me. Thank you.
Brother. where have you been?
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Let's go grab a tea.
I'd prefer a glass of shiraz.
We're at a disadvantage playing
this game without alcohol.
We're winning this game.
That's all that matters.
What is it?
Vahid... I can read
it on your face.
We may have a
problem in Budapest.
Danawi has gone quiet.
Don't worry.
A problem is not a problem so long
as just the two of us know about it.
Hmm?
Let's go. They are waiting.
I'm not thirsty. brother.
Neither am I.
We'll get you that chai.
Let's go to the Minister
to toast to your work...
...and to a new Iran.
Nightmares?
What?
You know. my mama used to say.
nightmares are just memories you
haven't made friends with yet.
She sounds like a smart woman.
Well. wouldn't give
her that much credit.
She also said I should
never leave the kibbutz.
Look at me now. Mameshi.
Haverford said he's
worked with you?
Yeah. A long time ago.
What brings you back?
A promise.
What do we got?
-Got new teammates.
-Hmm.
No fucking way.
Look who it is.
-Great to see you. man.
-Chief.
-Well. look at you.
-Hey. brother.
You clean up good. eh?
What are you doing here?
I'm here because of that man.
-Assalamu alaikum. Mr. Jed.
-Wa alaikum salaam.
Good to see you. sir.
Yeah. I've worked with
Mo since the '90s.
-Mm-hmm.
-I was training him and the Peshmerga.
Yes. sir.
And who do you think I
called for your references?
Huh?
Good to see you.
Yes. sir.
My man.
Oh. boy.
Good to see you. Ish. I'm
glad you're joining us.
What else would I be doing. sir?
Retiring.
Yeah. 'cause that worked
out so well for you.
Been a minute since we did that
Butch and Sundance job in Yemen.
Uh. this one feels more
like the Dirty Dozen.
Ish Reinhart.
-You must be Ben Edwards.
-I am.
-Raife Hastings.
-Ish.
The two frogmen I've
heard so much about.
Is that just Mo talking us up?
Eh. it wasn't Mo.
It was the other guy.
-The other guy?
-Yeah.
He wouldn't shut the
fuck up about you.
Princess. time to wake up!
Yeah. Yep. yeah. okay.
Thanks. Mom.
-Hello. boys.
-The fuck is he doing here?
Well. Al-Jabouri's death
meant Landry's out a gig.
I needed shooters.
I got shooters.
Plus. he knows Danawi
as well as you do.
Look. I never had a problem
with you icing that shit-bird.
But you did knock
me out of a job.
so I'm happy to have a
new one. Thank you. sir.
Everything copacetic?
Don't worry. ladies.
You're all equally pretty.
Come on. Let's get settled.
Ben.
-You have a sec?
-Yeah. What's up?
I brought you something.
Daran's kids'
S.I.V.s came through.
They're on their way to America.
Uh...
...thank you.
Of course.
All right. good news.
Tal cracked Danawi's phone.
and we learned that he
received $5 million in crypto.
with instructions to deliver
that money to this guy...
Balázs Molnar. a
professor of geology
at the Budapest University
of Technology and Economics.
Molnar is our new target.
No way.
We're killing Bill
Nye the Science Guy?
Not a killing.
A purchase.
Okay. but. uh. Danawi's dead.
Ratlines rely on anonymity.
Now. no one on Molnar's side
knows what Danawi looks like.
Mohammed is gonna be
our new Massoud Danawi.
Now. Mo as Danawi is
gonna meet with Molnar
and purchase whatever it is
he's trying to sell to Iran.
Hastings. Ish. and Landry will chase
down the best location for the meet.
Mohammed. you'll be on
house arrest with Tal.
We need to limit your
exposure till day of.
Edwards and I will build pattern
of life on the professor.
Tal.
You're neglecting
your rounds. pirate.
Please tell me that's an R60.
Haverford told me you ride.
-Yeah.
-They're useful surveillance tools
in Europe.
You got the R nineT.
All right. which one's mine?
Take your pick.
Even in Europe. a woman on a
motorcycle attracts attention.
Unless she's riding pillion.
Hmm.
Fixing the carb.
Let me help.
Like I said. pirate. you're
neglecting your rounds.
Copy that.
All right.
What is it?
We have new texts
on Danawi's phone.
There's someone else
he's supposed to meet.
Who?
The texts are vague.
"Are we still meeting tomorrow?"
"Faisal Café. 9:00 a.m."
"I've followed your instructions."
"Why haven't I heard from you?"
-Are the texts in Arabic?
-Levantine dialect.
Country codes from Lebanon.
Go wake Mohammed.
Copy.
Okay. Mohammed. you're on.
Roughly...
three dozen patrons.
Nothing suspicious.
-No visible tangos.
-Copy.
Time to ping the unknown party.
Eyes up to see
who reacts.
What are we up
against. Mohammed?
It's a girl.
Early 20s.
This woman...
...does not seem like a problem.
Want to bet the operation on it?
If she's Hezbollah. makes
a call home about Danawi.
this whole thing's off.
Got images for
P.I.D. Sending now.
Do you want us to follow?
Affirmative. Get P.I.D..
then we'll deal with the
potential threat tonight.
So. what about kudu. huh?
It's the world's
best-tasting game meat.
What if you don't like
that wild and gamy taste?
Well. you'd start with gemsbok.
It tastes pretty
similar to beef.
And then you can move onto. uh.
springbok. impala and then kudu.
But it really depends on how you
take care of it in the field.
Born and raised in Africa.
Fucking crazy.
I'm-a start calling
you Tarzan. bro.
Tarzan was British.
What's that?
He was British.
-Mm-hmm?
-He wasn't born in Africa.
He grew up there.
but he was. uh.
he was actually British.
You know. 'cause I'm
African by birth?
Hmm.
It's a pretty solid place
for the exchange. right?
Multiple E&E routes.
Put someone on the
roof for overwatch.
Plenty of CCTV for the
young girl Tal to monitor.
Man. she's a cute one. huh?
Feisty as hell. too.
Mm. uh. she's been solid.
They both have. actually.
Yeah. this is my first
dance with Mossad.
They're stone-cold. man.
And what about. uh.
Ish and Haverford?
You know those guys?
Look. I know you SEALs
only trust your own.
but you. Mo and Edwards?
You're not the only
solid operators here.
Ish is a damn legend.
Fucking globe-trotter.
Hell. he's probably spent as
much time in Africa as you have.
And Haverford?
Haverford's O.G.
Started working against
Iran in the '80s.
Back in Beirut. when
shit hit the fan.
You add me to the mix. and
basically. we're motherfucking Delta.
Hey. can you eat meerkats?
Those beady-eyed little
fuckers freak me out.
Latest from Tal.
That girl Danawi was
meeting: Thana Haddad.
Refugee based in Berlin.
Possible terror component
to our geology professor.
You don't seem worried.
Mo and Ish have their
task. we have ours.
Copy that.
So. are we looking
for something specific
or is this just
cover for action?
A gift for my daughter. Noa.
She's starting her
military conscription.
Nice.
And are you happy
or sad about it?
Hey. my mom cried for
three days straight
after I enlisted. so I get it.
It's a parent's responsibility to
prepare their child for service.
I was thinking Yeats.
-"An Irish Airman Foresees His Death..."
-No Yeats.
Great poet. but she's
gonna see right through it.
You know poetry?
I dabbled in between
surf sessions.
Listen. no matter what you give
her. she's just gonna dismiss.
"You're too old." "You don't
understand." all that fun stuff.
Trust me. I'm a
perpetual teenager.
What we can do is give her
something to think about.
No...
No.
Dog shit.
Let's see.
Damn.
Favorite book.
You're welcome.
"This book is not about heroes."
English poetry is not
yet fit to speak of them.
Nor is it about deeds.
or lands. nor anything
about glory. honor.
dominion or power. except war.
Above all. I'm not
concerned with poetry.
The subject of it is
war. and the pity of war.
-Poetry's..."
-"Poetry's in the pity."
Owen died November 1918.
killed in action.
age 25. one week
before the armistice.
The pity of war.
If that doesn't make your daughter
recognize the potential costs...
We're back on.
Target's staying on foot.
I got eyes on him.
Nukleáris Technikai Intézet.
-It's the nuclear technical institution.
-I know.
That's what I said.
Our geologist has a lab at the
nuclear technical institute?
It's Iran.
It's always nuclear.
Your money on a mistress
or a young jihadi up there?
Either way. she's a problem.
This part'll get easier.
But if you don't
want to do it...
No.
Mr. Jed asked me.
"Mr. Jed"?
Yo. You sure?
"Mr. Jed" doesn't have to know.
Turn around.
Stay quiet. If you make
a sound. I will kill you.
Understood?
Sit.
You won't make it. Believe me.
I don't have money or
drugs. nothing of value.
Sit down.
I know you're here to
meet Massoud Danawi.
Why?
Who are you with?
Hezbollah?
Who else knows you're meeting?
You killed my father.
You are the reason why
he didn't come today.
Your father?
Don't lie. Danawi
doesn't have children.
Slowly.
Take off your purse.
Slowly. Hand it to me.
Who are you with?
You're not Mossad...
not Iranian.
Do you know who your father was?
Huh?
...what he does for a living?
My father was a
killer. Like you.
And now you're here to kill me.
Yes.
We good?
Yeah.
You want to talk about it?
No.
-We never do.
-One more time.
Okay. I pose as Danawi.
and make the
purchase from Molnar.
Arany Café in Market Square will
be the location for the meet.
We'll have eyes
on all entrances.
I've got the south street.
Hastings has the
north. Eliza the west.
I'll provide overwatch.
Our TTL and SIGINT show it's
just another quiet night
at home for our professor.
Day of the meet.
I'll walk him in.
Make sure he's not being
followed by a third party.
-We got your back.
-Shit hits the fan.
I'm Mo's exit strategy.
I realize I'm sending you
in without the full picture.
But we need to know
what Molnar's selling.
And if it keeps Tehran
from nuclear capability.
it's worth the risk.
Thank you.
-Hey.
Can I come in?
Yeah.
What is it?
After your work today. Danawi's
daughter's phone stayed in the hotel.
Mm-hmm.
But then I picked
her up on CCTV...
...at the train station.
If you talk to anyone
about your father...
...if you ask about him.
if you speak his name...
I'll return.
Not just to kill you...
...to kill your mother...
...to kill your grandparents...
...to kill your whole family.
Erase your whole family
from existence...
...and I won't lose a second
of sleep after. Understand?
I pulled your file.
If what's in there is true.
I don't blame you for
letting that girl live.
Don't worry. I haven't
told anyone yet.
Okay.
Uday. Saddam's son.
He raped
and murdered my two sisters.
And when my father asked questions.
he had him murdered as well.
Nobody thought to
look for the...
14-year-old son who survived.
By the time the
Americans came searching.
I was old enough to
fight alongside them.
I'm the one who found where
the coward was hiding.
So the American
soldiers let me...
put three bullets
in his dying corpse.
I keep this as a reminder
that sometimes it's necessary
to kill in order to protect.
But this girl...
It was cold-blooded of
the old man to send you.
Oh. it's a
cold-blooded business.
Maybe he sent me
because he knew I would
make the right call.
What happens now?
Nothing.
I ran a full check on the girl.
I don't think she's a threat...
or that you are.
Which is the only reason I
didn't bring it to Eliza. yeah?
Hmm.
I like you. Mo.
You have a good soul.
I feel like I can trust you.
Hmm.
And the gun in the waistband?
Is that trust as well?
Good night. Mo.
So. where are you now?
Everyone is worried about
you. I'm worried about you.
No one has to worry
about me. babe.
If the boys knew what Raife and I were
doing over here. they'd be fired up.
Ben. they said you and
Raife got kicked out.
Why... You haven't
even told me...
I'll tell you everything
when I'm home.
I just need to stay a little
longer on this new job.
Longer? What is happening?
You have to tell me
what's going on with you.
-Amy...
-I don't understand.
Six months ago we were
talking about having kids.
And now I don't even know when
you're coming home or if you're okay.
I'm okay.
-That's why I'm calling.
-You're okay?
You know what? I
can't do this anymore.
Everyone else is home. Ben.
What's that mean? You
can't do this anymore?
I'm sorry.
That's government
property. Chief.
Apologies.
-I just had to check in stateside.
-Yeah.
Oh. I couldn't sleep.
Heard voices and somehow that
turned into eavesdropping.
Amy Edwards.
Wife number three.
USC grad. Realtor.
And volleyball player.
That's a hell of a catch for a frogman
who barely finished high school.
We have a great life on
this side of the fence.
There's a certain...
freedom to action.
You know. we make decisions that
kings and presidents only dream of.
But just like the teams.
it all comes with a price.
That's a hard pill to
swallow for a spouse.
Playing second fiddle to a
world you'll never understand.
I don't know what to do
with this guilt anymore.
Guilt?
For what?
For saving the "free
fucking world"?
Come on. man.
Took me a long time
to learn this lesson.
Being a shitty husband
does not mean that
you're a bad person.
Doesn't mean you're a bad operator.
doesn't mean you're a good operator.
All it means is...
you're a shitty husband.
Sorry about the phone.
Oh. man. come on.
It's Mossad's. Just bury it.
Be our secret.
I hope it helped.
Not at all. sir.
West entrance clear.
In position. North
entrance clear.
Half a block down.
South entrance clear.
Awaiting target.
Target's been walked in.
No tail. follow cars
or tangos on CCTV.
Target is landing.
Confirming is clear.
Overwatch set.
Molnar exiting vehicle
on east parking lot.
Landry. anything?
Man. that is one lonely brother.
Bill Nye's wearing
a brown jacket
and rocking a lovely man purse.
Coming your way. Mo.
I see him.
Professor.
I took the liberty of ordering.
Thank you.
Relax.
This is a business
transaction. Nothing more.
They. uh...
They told me you're from Beirut?
Mm-hmm.
I did my. uh. post-doc at AUL University.
What part of the city are you from?
-Mazraa.
There was a bakery in Mazraa.
People came from all over
the city just to shop there.
There was a special. you know.
kind of a doughnut they made.
Do you remember that?
You must remember it.
Awwamat.
Honey fritters.
You're thinking of awwamats.
Awwamat. That's it.
Not many people know this.
but that shop. they actually kept
their own bees for the honey.
The. um. the five million
is for proof of concept.
You can take these back.
Run any tests you want.
My synthetic Lonsdaleite jewel
bearings aren't registered yet.
But. uh...
they'll allow a centrifuge
to go super critical.
increasing a cascade's
efficiency by 200%
and enriching Iran's uranium
to weapons grade.
That's the Tehran hardliners'
workaround to the nuclear deal. no?
Let the GAEA take Iran
down to 5.000 centrifuges.
It won't matter.
A few dozen hidden cascades
with my bearings and Iran has
adequate uranium to build a bomb
in less than a year.
Look at that
centrifuge tachometer.
1.500 revolutions per second.
No other country in the
world has this technology.
We. uh...
we take five million now.
and 50 more on full delivery.
Make the deal. we
need to chase this.
Deal.
West entrance.
There's a third party.
I confirm two.
Make it four. Carrying.
Finish the deal.
Negative. We're burned.
-Mo needs to walk. now.
-Eliza?
Stay the course.
Finish the exchange.
Landry. get ready for exfil.
Mo. we need those bearings.
Technology.
Ready for extract.
Seconds out.
We'll be in touch
about delivery.
They're ignoring Molnar
and staying on you. Mo.
Thirty meters back.
Moving to primary.
I got two shitkickers inbound.
Primary is a no go.
Popping the cork
on this or what?
Negative. moving to secondary.
Fuck.
Overwatch exiting.
Secondary's a no go.
-Two more headed your way.
-Grab a photo.
Got to know who we're dealing with
and how they knew about the meet.
They know where
the cameras are.
Sorry.
Escalating. Talk to me.
Mo. get to tertiary.
Just keep moving.
-Landry will be there.
-Overwatch on the move.
Exfil is on your right.
Landry's en route. back him up.
-Do we know who these guys are?
-Negative.
Hardware store is
in front of you.
Through the shop. turn right.
Landry meets you
two blocks east.
Exiting.
Four closing. east and west.
Make that six. I'm surrounded.
To hell with tertiary.
Moving out.
I got him. Edwards.
We're clear.
All elements. RTB.
Molnar's none the
wiser. Reassemble.
-Hi.
-Hello.
-Please take one.
-Copy. RTB.
Third party is
abandoning the search.
Our team is in the clear.
Sir. I can get P.I.D. Have
one cut from the herd.
Heading towards the subway.
-You're alone. Ish.
-I can back him up.
Ish and Ben will
keep it rolling.
Tal. moving to Ish. Sitrep.
-They entered the underground.
-Roger that.
I'm two blocks away on foot.
-Ish. I'm coming to you.
-Eyes on the tango.
M1 line. eastbound platform.
Closing the distance.
Inbound.
Fuck.
Ish is K.I.A.
I'm on the hunt.
Someone get him out.
Ben. I'm one minute away.
Edwards.
You get that motherfucker.
Wait for me. Chief.
Do not pursue without me.
I'm on his trail.
Tal. Edwards is solo on
M1 line heading east.
-I'm moving to Ish.
-Copy.
Tal. I want you to kill every
CCTV camera on the M1 line.
Now.
Copy.
CCTV is down.
You're clear.
You remain clear on CCTV.
Police inbound. but no reports of
suspects matching your description.
Edwards. stay under the radar.
Landry and Mo will meet you on
the other side of the square.
En route.
Photo inbound.
Tal. do your thing.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm